Got matlab installed, changed environment to vscode because hdmi change and code changes 
did not fix window error. 

notes from sima meeting: 

clint is in contact with dr wolenski. they should speak with each other since clint has repository access. 

is it possible our current version is missing something? The version was acquired from pennington, which should have the latest. 

The version sent from steve should be good. 

We have access to github, and clint also has this. 
If he doesn't have it, Alex Dunkle, a grad student here, should have a lot of the code available, as well as coding expertise. 

He also did a lot of the testing and has access to the repository. 

The portion which handles cleaning the mesh (it has holes involved) there are about 1/10 of avatars that might get 
screwed up passing through the mesh. 

There was a generic idea that under a mesh, situations like holes should be filled in. 
When the code was written and tested on avatars, it would sometiems get confused. Under testing, 
there were discovered some "edge cases" unconsidered like triangles which would flip on top of each other exactly,
which does not create a clean, closeable convex surface. This would confuse the program. 
Another code was written to remove the possibility of very rare "crazy cases" involving overlaps, and somehow, 
a strange intersections. 
This would widen the hole but there would be a nicely-closed boundary. 

Around this time, Sima left. Rooms for improvement include: 
- Taking this to a python base so that the project can be continued sustainably with easier transitions to newer
coders. Also python has a lot of nice libraries. 
- Sima can help in that as we go through each function, we can message her and she'll (at least dimonthly) explain
the function of a function. The syntax is usually not inscrutable but a lot of stuff handling the work are things
that would normally be handled by a python library. 
It's best to start with places that the code runs easily and discover meshes where the code breaks, 
including hopefully more creative and less "band-aid" solutions. 

With a single avatar we could get a lot transfered. 
There was a "die-q" company that had very clean meshes. 
A lot of the raw meshes from without can have weird stuff.
Five or so "conference papers" could be made for one of these examples, or a longer paper. 

Again, dr. wolenski would be a great way to meet mr clint. 

Sima will contact people on her own end, including marcelline. 

One clean mesh alone should be enough to transfer the base of the code, 
which should be simple syntax-to-syntax conversions and fair to visualize. 

Given the side of our team, responsibilities ought to be divided. 
Not in terms of examples but types of tasks. 

Many of the meshes will have multiple layers.

try to find weird detections made by the programs we use, 
for example "false crotches" underneath the ribcage of a human model. 
this may involve a lot of trial and error using python visualization softwares. 

try to write on a way that makes other people citing us readily doable. 

Will the code or github tell us where to make changes? 
Publications should be our point of access. 
There's one that defines the sites and explains how we take circumferences, 
there's another one on cleaning the mesh. 

"Anthropometry" for body circumference measurements. 

The original versions of the paper should tell us the most about what is "going on" in defining parts,
since many parts were pared down later on. 

the "young children" one should be skipped

There's an interesting paper right afterwards on the github that may be useful. 

Sima also mentions a paper regarding babies sucking on bottles that she worked on. 

A different paper (4) was affected by patient obesity. 
Also sima's mesh is in one of the pages lol. 
One of the pages also has a pseudocode that we can use and a discussion on algorithms that handle mesh ruptures. 

A rupture in a triangle, or it sticking out, can confuse the surface a lot.
 People don't have two-dimensional spurs sticking out of their body. 

Ideally, all of the meshes should be the same "rotation"
 according to the right hand curl rule from linear algebra.

Every face has three corners. The order of the corners should always either be clockwise or counter clockwise, 
otherwise there will be problems, particularly with "subtracting volume space" D:

A friend's body parts are meshed in a diagram with more definitions, with explanations
of defining volume and surface area. 

Triangles which are well-shaped should have equal sides. 

"spirals" created on limbs are also something worth avoiding, and ways have been infented to avoid them. 
There's also the top of the head, the soles of the feet, the arms, the crotch, which create spirals due
to shadows. 

This is from the "hole filling" paper. 

Finding the tip of the nose was also given an explanation. 